README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# [Doc Spot]
Todo: This is a detailed description of your project.
## Project Requirements
Once your project has been completed please fill out the links below. These are a part of the rubric and must be completed before the submission deadline
**[Scrum Board URL](https://trello.com/b/PzJmwKYS/kapstone-n)** |
**[Deployment URL](https://heroku.com/)** |
**[Kapstone Pitch URL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gCBDkYZIhjxQlbeisfhoKR2vdcPzcPLxbw-HOxIqYm4/edit?usp=sharing)** |
**[Group Retrospective Document URL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dFojs2D_E_f5y-3kq0mBxsRiJl6ryV-coXjvC505I3Y/edit?usp=sharing)** |
**[Kapstone Feedback Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1yeIyQH6ZE6y5Z0qB2i8yW5_1Gzfxs8YiJsNlcyjR0WA/edit)**
> **Note:**  **Points will be deducted** if this is not filled in correctly. Also each one of these **MUST** live in their own document. For example DO **NOT** put your retrospective in your scrum board as it will not be counted and you will lose points.
## About Us
Tell us about your team, who was involved, what role did they fulfill and what did they work on (the more details the better). Also please choose ONE of the staff below that was your investor and remove the others.
|      Name          |Scrum Role                          |I worked on                         |
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Kano|`Product Investor`            |Investing            |
|Chris Stranger         |`QA`            |Fill me out...            |
|Elijah Camara          |`Product Owner`| Fill me out... |
|Juddie Moya          |`Scrum Master`| Fill me out... |
|Jey Johnson        |`Dev`| Fill me out... |
|Eleanor Hall          |`Dev`| Fill me out... |

Commit message:

README has been added, routes are working properly, did some work on the profile.

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# [Doc Spot]
Todo: See KapstonePitch.md
## Project Requirements
Once your project has been completed please fill out the links below. These are a part of the rubric and must be completed before the submission deadline
**[Scrum Board URL](https://trello.com/b/PzJmwKYS/kapstone-n)** |
**[Deployment URL](https://gitlab.com/ruthhall97/docspot2)** |
**[Kapstone Pitch URL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gCBDkYZIhjxQlbeisfhoKR2vdcPzcPLxbw-HOxIqYm4/edit)** |
**[Group Retrospective Document URL](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DOzBdtyBV55OVTEADneppjlqpWDrrbQSPI-T42W0bvc/edit)** |
**[Kapstone Feedback Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1yeIyQH6ZE6y5Z0qB2i8yW5_1Gzfxs8YiJsNlcyjR0WA/edit)**
> **Note:**  **Points will be deducted** if this is not filled in correctly. Also each one of these **MUST** live in their own document. For example DO **NOT** put your retrospective in your scrum board as it will not be counted and you will lose points.
## About Us
Tell us about your team, who was involved, what role did they fulfill and what did they work on (the more details the better). Also please choose ONE of the staff below that was your investor and remove the others.
|      Name          |Scrum Role                          |I worked on                         |
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Kano|`Product Investor`            |Investing            |
|Chris Stranger         |`QA`            |Chris worked on getting the google map api working. He came up with the idea for that instead of a list of doctors and despite the massive amount of work it was to get it to even display he was able to get a presentable amount of functionality out of it. He also was our quality assurance manager and did a good job of making sure our commits were ready for a merge.           |
|Elijah Camara          |`Product Owner`| Elijah was responsible for orchestration of the project, the creation of the trello board, the Kapstone pitch and the README. He set up the firebase backend, created the firebase register, worked on the user profile, and helped setup state management. |
|Juddie Moya          |`Scrum Master`| As scrum master juddie was in charge of making sure everything was properly commited and merged in gitlab. She worked on the edit user, user loggin, and the web design. |
|Jey Johnson        |`Dev`| Jey was a big help in getting the backend working, he did a lot of the initial research of firebase and was the one who created our first firebase app. He helped with the user login and worked on the delete user api. He also helped with state management. |
|Eleanor Hall          |`Dev`| Eleanor was responsible for the majority of the design of our app. She helped with user registration, created the user login, the messages, the management feature, and the appointment feature. She also setup the state management system and helped get our firebase connected with node.
